hey guys welcome back to let's play jet
force Gemini last time we played out RIT
that's his mines and we got a spaceship
piece and I wasn't quite sure if we were
done but we're not we actually have this
blue door to go in and I change to Juno
because he has a bit more firepower and
I'm really gonna need it here start off
immediately becoming by coming under
attack from these sniper towers don't go
any further this guy has one of those
plasma launcher things I can shoot Oh
get his attention
there we go this neighbor behind me but
I can't get it until I get up further
damn now I apologize for my updates
being a little slow recently I've had
some internet problems my router keeps
going down and it seems stable now so
I'll probably put another video up
tonight to make up for it
and we won't be doing another with essa
what I know
anyway keep using that sniper rifle
because you're gonna need it when you
get up here to turn around normally see
that guy clearly up there there we go
and I'm gonna switch to my tri rockets
because the second to go through this
store you're gonna come up to another
bunch of strong enemies they basically
give you no time to react in this area
you tend to have to memorize where stuff
is
Wow that sucked okay he's with no one
coming up where did I get it I guess I
got it all right we just want to run on
down there aren't any tribals at the
bottom here so you're going to worry
about anything killing them my machine
gun
hello if you want die if you fall down
the middle but I'm trying not to skip
all these as a life force tore down
there I switch to your homing missiles
and we will come up to one of these
platforming areas
that's where I couldn't lock on him get
him
it'll be a big problem if you don't take
him out right now so where is he
oh yeah the floors gonna be great
lynching out like crazy hair sorry guys
there's nothing I can do about that it's
just the way the game is or the ROM is
ah now most of these platforms ooh have
nothing on them they're just kind of
tricks to get you to go out there and
explore for things like totems and
tribals as far as I know there are none
all right seriously this guy good with
you just through the whole time this is
getting really annoying
finally Jesus all right
yeah those two out there you don't have
anything that furthest one out there
doesn't have anything
so as I know they're just traps once you
get out there usually you don't have
enough fuel to get back you can imagine
being up this high the fall is going to
be instant death
luckily there's only one of those little
flying drones out here it would really
be awful if you had to fight a bunch of
those things at once they had some sort
of turret on that glider in their riding
so
and here's one thing that's gonna
confuse the hell out of everybody when
we go in here it's like we just went in
looks like we're going up the way we
came because when we get out of we're
gonna oh god what's wrong with these
guys well uh somehow magically come back
to the blue door you went through the
first time and I don't know how that
works I was hoping it would take us to
something different because they haven't
played through this section of Rosetta
in forever but it doesn't it is kind of
lame these guys are just killing
themselves what is wrong with them you
guess I guess you just can't put these
blue ants in close quarters because they
just go berserk
almost to the top I hope we go and we're
basically done already oh sure well that
was my fault I thought I was gonna land
on the walkway below but I didn't I was
a little too early I just don't feel
like walking down the hallway I'm lazy
and somehow we're back to the door we
came through even though we went a clip
across an entirely different area that
just confuses me but we're back here and
that is it for a riff esse as far as I
know I will actually know I don't have
to double check I can just check my
tribal accounts I know we're done here
so maybe next time maybe goldwood we'll
find out later tonight I'll be looking
forward to getting through the rest of
this stuff cause I want to go fight
Mizar I want to see the ending it's been
a long time since I've seen it so I'll
see you guys later thanks for watching